ya covered we've got two meals that take
less than five minutes all right we'll
see if this is the real deal here with
turkey rolls and french dip sandwiches
we have cooking for dads host and
blogger Rob Barrett here with us all
skeptical of your five-minute claim my
friend why would I lie to you know I
would I fudge a little bit possible but
in that area like five years no no you
know I'm a dad I've got to high school
kids in two different high schools so we
have two different football games you
have home two different homecomings you
know volleyball tournaments every
weekend band tournaments every weekend
so we're busy yeah this is a busy little
season for us and so I literally these
are things you can make in about five
minutes so this is a five-minute french
dip sandwich what you're gonna do is get
a can of your friendship soup you're
gonna put it in the pot and you can boil
up that's the longest time however long
it takes to boil okay depending on your
thing on your stovetop yeah if you owe
those fancy dancing boil something in 90
seconds 90 seconds you take one pound of
this is rare roast beef slice just
normally and put that and put the rest
in there at the rest in here uh-huh you
just buy it at the deli by a deli ok by
the pound and then you can that's very
quite good ok and then we're gonna stir
little choice for a little bit all right
there will be more to come sorry we're
gonna stir it like this and get it all
coated and then it cooks really fast if
you notice nice pour boiling so that's
just sits there and then you get that
nice saucy business right so once it's
all coated you can basically go ahead
about this long so which gonna take a
little bit uh-huh we're gonna shake out
the excess ok we're gonna drop it on the
like easier to chew basic hamburger
rolls or you can get the details yep and
the other one ok well this is a big one
John you can adjust fun girls school all
right now sprinkle some French onion
french fried onions on top of a John
you're gonna put one piece of provolone
cheese over the top and then what do you
do bake it you know put it under the
broiler for just until the cheese melts
oh that on comes yep like that I'm the
broiler it turns out like that's that's
it okay is the deal all right pick it up
looks wonder I know I'm just grabbing a
sammy and we're just going for it here I
gotta set cuz I gotta eat too I'm real
quick if you want to have a bag of
carrots or whatever you can just put
that out and your instant
good that's good for you all right so
that is one that is really tasty that's
right around I mention we're gonna find
me having who think we should oh that's
delicious all right your lipstick on my
Buster that's your inches God with us
every time that is gross it's gross
don't drive coming home how many pounds
of lipstick da year listed what's the
stat gross oh the phones Nestle it adds
to the flavor it's like a flavor
enhancer yeah okay turkey roll up these
are really fast and easy are you over
here I make are your turkey roll okay
we'll go this way yeah all right so
we're gonna get some turkey sliced deli
turkey if you have thin stuff you might
need to do to like this and put them
with the one side up now get some soap
top stuffing oh good once again you
gotta boil it and let it sit for a
little bit that's three to four minutes
highest I just here right in here right
in right here uh-huh perfect just right
along the top and then get some craisins
sprinkle some craisins on here raisins
craisins okay like thanks going Oh 30
and then we're gonna roll it up roll it
up roll it up like just put it on the
plate and then we're just gonna sprinkle
over the top yeah miss McClure over some
gravy and mashed by this at the store
like this I hear the guy like a little
mini thanksgiving roll up let's give it
a try we got some gravy we got some
stuffing thanksgiving an underpayment i
will tell you that I think stove top
stuffing is a really wonderful thing
good it makes anything taste good really
good who doesn't love a little turkey
action right well really good thank you
anytime when my for like a dad thing too
I think my dad would have totally made
this stuff for us growing right the
french dip sandwiches are really it's a
lot of bang for a very little box yeah
you can really make them super easily
you know stop and get that that meat and
cheese on the way home and you can make
these really fast and almost everyone
will like it well named Jean yeah by a
bunch turkey you have it for lunch meat
you have it right your multi using your
ingredients we got some time even left
over but alright we got right so we'll
just sit eternal we're gonna get for
that well can I just so we could I five
minutes which is thursday ok my one
daughter go see in prairie and then the
other goes to Minnetonka they play each
other the head thursday night in wausau
in football so I'm thinking I gotta face
paint one half
f black and red one half blue and white
okay I'm thinking maybe a cape cuz sure
the goal for CH dads is to embarrass the
dog yeah so maybe a t-shirt cut in half
half minnetonka happy but these are big
right baby t-shirt at all just paint
your whole body the chest pain that I
got I got it half the team gets the
turkey roll up we're one team gets the
turkey roll-ups and the other team gets
the french dips out that was a win there
we go thanks Rob you guys recipes along
with a link to Rob's blog where you
never know what he's gonna be wearing or
doing or what not it's on our website
headed to eat page of Twin Cities live
com I gotta give it to him that was good
more TCL to come up